Adapted documentation structure (#41)
team-simplay/SimPlay: docs/source/index.rst

**SimPlay** is a project that aims to bring simple animation capabilities to the `SimPy <https://simpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ project.

**SimPlay** is integrated into `JupyterLab <https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html>`_ 

> and is capable to display an animation of a `SimPy <https://simpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ Simulation in a notebook: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and is capable of displaying an animation of a `SimPy <https://simpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ simulation in a notebook: 
```
